Adding dedicated import-export doc (#668)
CadQuery/cadquery: doc/importexport.rst

* STEP files are useful for interchanging model data with other CAD and analysis systems, such as FreeCAD. Many parts such as screws have STEP files available, which can be imported and used in CadQuery assemblies.
* STL and AMF files are mesh-based formats which are typically used in additive manufacturing (i.e. 3D printing). AMF files support more features, but are not as universally supported as STL files.
* TJS is short for ThreeJS, and is a JSON mesh format that is useful for displaying 3D models in web browsers. The TJS format is used to display embedded 3D examples within the CadQuery documentation.
* VRML is a mesh-based format for representing interactive 3D objects in a web browser.

Importing DXF
##############

DXF files can be imported using the :py:meth:`importers.importDXF` method. There are 3 parameters that can be 
passed to this method to control how the DXF is handled.

* ``fileName`` - The path and name of the DXF file to be imported.
* ``tol`` - The tolerance used for merging edges into wires (default: 1e-6).

> * ``exclude`` - A list of layer names not to import (default: []).

Author: @marcus7070 Thanks, it will be good not to have to keep those updated in two places.

                '/path/to/file/box_custom_options.svg',
                opt={
                    "width": 300,
                    "height": 300,
                    "marginLeft": 10,
                    "marginTop": 10,
                    "showAxes": False,
                    "projectionDir": (0.5, 0.5, 0.5),
                    "strokeWidth": 0.25,
                    "strokeColor": (255, 0, 0),
                    "hiddenColor": (0, 0, 255),
                    "showHidden": True,
                },
            )

Which results in the following image:

..  image:: _static/importexport/box_custom_options.svg

Exporting STL
##############

The STL exporter is capable of adjusting the quality of the resulting mesh, and accepts the following parameters.

* ``fileName`` - The path and file name to write the STL output to.
* ``tolerance`` - A linear deflection setting which limits the distance between a curve and its tessellation. Setting this value too low will result in large meshes that can consume computing resources. Setting the value too high can result in meshes with a level of detail that is too low. Default is 0.1, which is good starting point for a range of cases.

> * ``angularTolerance`` - Angular deflection setting which limits the angle between subsequent segments in a polyline. Default is 0.1.

Reviewer: LGTM. I would kind of rather this information was on the `exporters.export` docstring and use automethod to stick it in here, but that is just minor.

Author: @marcus7070 My rst-fu is weak so I didn't know that parameters from the docstring could be included. I'll add docstrings and do the same thing you did with importDXF.

Author: The best I could do was add a docstring to `Shape.exportStl()` and include that. AMF and VRML are tessellated inside the `exporters()` method, so there's no place to add a docstring for them. Those parameter listings will just have to be maintained separately.  At least `exportStl()` got a docstring out of it.

Exporting AMF
##############

The AMF exporter is capable of adjusting the quality of the resulting mesh, and accepts the following parameters.

* ``fileName`` - The path and file name to write the AMF output to.
* ``tolerance`` - A linear deflection setting which limits the distance between a curve and its tessellation. Setting this value too low will result in large meshes that can consume computing resources. Setting the value too high can result in meshes with a level of detail that is too low. Default is 0.1, which is good starting point for a range of cases.
* ``angularTolerance`` - Angular deflection setting which limits the angle between subsequent segments in a polyline. Default is 0.1.

For more complex objects, some experimentation with ``tolerance`` and ``angularTolerance`` may be required to find the 
optimum values that will produce an acceptable mesh. Note that parameters for AMF color and material are absent.

.. code-block:: python

    import cadquery as cq
    from cadquery import exporters

    result = cq.Workplane().box(10, 10, 10)

    exporters.export(result, '/path/to/file/mesh.amf', tolerance=0.01, angularTolerance=0.1)

Exporting TJS
##############

> The TJS (ThreeJS) exporter is capable of adjusting the quality of the resulting JSON-based mesh, and accepts the following parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TJS (ThreeJS) exporter produces a file in JSON format that describes a scene for the ThreeJS WebGL renderer. The objects in the first argument are converted into a mesh and then form the ThreeJS geometry for the scene. The mesh can be adjusted with the following parameters.
```

I think anyway. The terminology used in ThreeJS is significantly different to CAD. Also not helped by ThreeJS V3 JSON model format being retired and these terms changing a lot for the current V4.
